feat: Add health check endpoint (#15)
n8n-io/task-runner-launcher: README.md

make run
```

## Health check

> The launcher exposes a health check endpoint at `/healthz` on port `5681` for liveness checks.

Author: Do we want this configurable? Or too early?

make run
```

## Health check

The launcher exposes a health check endpoint at `/healthz` on port `5681` for liveness checks. To override the launcher health check port, set the `N8N_LAUNCHER_HEALTCHECK_PORT` env var. 

> If overriding the default health check port, be mindful of port conflicts - the n8n main instance uses `5678` by default for its HTTP server and `5679` for its WS server, and the runner uses `5680` by default for its WS server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If overriding the default health check port, be mindful of port conflicts - the n8n main instance uses `5678` by default for its HTTP server and `5679` for its task runner server, and the runner uses `5680` by default for its healthcheck server. 
```
